c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe.config
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.pdb
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Saludo.resources
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.pdb
c:\users\diabo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Login.resources
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.logo.resources
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.menu.resources
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Admin.resources
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.dll
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.pdb
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\AdminUsuarios.dll
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\AdminUsuarios.pdb
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\diabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.dll.config
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe.config
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.pdb
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\AdminUsuarios.dll
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.dll
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\AdminUsuarios.pdb
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.pdb
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.dll.config
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Admin.resources
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Login.resources
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.logo.resources
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.menu.resources
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Saludo.resources
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe
H:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.pdb
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe.config
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.pdb
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\AdminUsuarios.dll
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.dll
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\AdminUsuarios.pdb
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.pdb
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.dll.config
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.xml
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Admin.resources
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Login.resources
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.logo.resources
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.menu.resources
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Saludo.resources
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe
E:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.pdb
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe.config
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\fanaticketReload.pdb
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\AdminUsuarios.dll
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.dll
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\AdminUsuarios.pdb
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.pdb
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\libConectaBD.dll.config
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.xml
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Admin.resources
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Login.resources
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.logo.resources
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.menu.resources
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Saludo.resources
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.exe
F:\fanaticketReload\fanaticketReload\obj\Debug\fanaticketReload.pdb
